c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\CheckInJournal.dll.config
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\CheckInJournal.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\CheckInJournal.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\obj\Debug\CheckInJournal.WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\obj\Debug\CheckInJournal.dll
c:\users\mateusz.cichy.measuresoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckInJournal\CheckInJournal\obj\Debug\CheckInJournal.pdb
